---
layout: project_single
title:  "Beautiful Round Beautiful Flower Pot Ceramic Bird in Tree Trunk Motif"
slug: "beautiful-round-beautiful-flower-pot-ceramic-bird-in-tree-trunk-motif"
parent: "ceramics-that-are-always-in-need-at-home"
---
About Us We are Asian Style Furnishing and we are here to help you add beautiful Asian colors and history to your home. We speciallize in porcelain items as well as creating fantastic lighting with our pieces. Always feel free to ask us if your favorite figurine, vase , or box can be made into a lamp as we love when our customers are able to experience their accent pieces with lighting. We carry products made from the early 1900s to modern times and all of our items are for decorative use only! We have been in business for over 30 years and I am the second generation to be in this business. I am excited to bring my energy and family experience to those in need of some Eastern influences in their home. Please note : As most of our porcelain pieces are hand made and hand painted they may be slightly different from the photo in both shape and the way it is even colored! We do our best to find the one that is most common but sometimes they will be slightly different. Beautiful Round Beautiful Flower Pot Ceramic Bird in Tree Trunk Motif Country of Origin: China Age: 1995 Dimensions (in inches): Height: 14" Length: 10" Depth: 9" Sales Tax: Please note all orders from California will also incur 7.75% sales tax to beautify our state :). (At least I hope they do) Shipping Policy: We always do our best to ship items within 24 hours and usually we can do it even faster. We ship items with our discretion on which shipper we use as these items are big and it helps save cost on shipping for both you and us! We know we do charge quite a bit for shipping but we do our best to price our items as fairly as we can so that we can have a fair balance for you. If you are buying more than 3 items it is recommended that you put all 3 items into the cart and confirm purchase and request an invoice for discounted combined shipping. We may not always discount if the items are large however. Please let us know if you have special shipping needs as we use FedEx and USPS as our main shipping partners. If you're home does not accept either one you must let us know in advance or your item will end up in shipping purgatory and may incur more cost and we want to prevent that for you. Rush shipping is available please message us for details. Return Policy: Uh oh something went wrong with the item? No worries if you just dont like it you can return it up to 14 days after you receive the item. However, due to high shipping cost yoou will be responsible for both shipping. However if the item breaks or is not as described we will of course refund you the shipping as it was a mistake on our end. We are always here to help you so feel free to contact us for more information. Contact US Thanks for reading through everything if you need to contact us feel free to send us a message and make sure to follow us on facebook for more awesome deals and news Asian Style Furnishing. Cant find what your looking for? We may still have what you're looking for so send us a message or a photo and we will do our best. For custom lamp orders please feel free to send us a message.